Review section for Button control. (#605)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/button/overview.md

---
title: Overview
page_title: .NET MAUI Button Documentation - Overview

> description: Try now the Telerik Button for .NET MAUI providing options for customizing the look and feel of the .NET MAUI Button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Try now the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Button control that provides various options for customizing its look and feel.
```

# .NET MAUI Button Overview

> Telerik RadButton for .NET MAUI enhances the functionality of the standard .NET MAUI Button by providing options for customizing its look and feel. Additionally, it enables you add borders, set its transparency, align its content, define backgrounds, and render images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Telerik RadButton for .NET MAUI enhances the functionality of the standard .NET MAUI Button by providing options for customizing its look and feel. Additionally, it enables you to add borders, set its transparency, align its content, define backgrounds, and render images.
```

> The Telerik RadButton for .NET MAUI enhances the functionality of the standard .NET MAUI Button by providing options for customizing its look and feel. Additionally, it enables you to add borders, set its transparency, align its content, define backgrounds, and render images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Button control enhances the functionality of the standard .NET MAUI Button by providing options for customizing its look and feel. Additionally, it enables you to add borders, set its transparency, align its content, define backgrounds, and render images.
```
